content/project/xtdl/index.md, before:

---
title: XTDL
summary: Executable Test Description Language for Executable DSLs (xDSLs)
tags:
- Testing of Models
date: "2021-06-23T00:00:00Z"

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

image:
  caption: A screenshot of the provided tool built on top of the GEMOC studio
  focal_point: Smart

url_code: https://gitlab.univ-nantes.fr/naomod/faezeh-public/xtdl
url_pdf: https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-03265196/
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides: example
---
XTDL is a generic testing approach that provides testing facilities for executable DSLs.
This project is indeed the implementation of my paper titled "Adapting TDL to Provide Testing Support for Executable DSLs".
For theoretical information, please refer to the [paper](https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-03265196/).

Commit message:

update xtdl project description and links

content/project/xtdl/index.md, after:

---
title: XTDL- A Testing Framework for Executable DSLs
summary: Providing testing support for Executable Domain-Specific Languages (xDSLs) by adapting Test Description Language (TDL)
tags:
- Testing of Models
date: "2023-01-16T00:00:00Z"

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

image:
  caption: A screenshot of the provided tool built on top of the GEMOC studio
  focal_point: Smart

url_code: https://github.com/lowcomote/Testing4DSLs
url_pdf: https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-03265196/
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides: example
---
XTDL is a generic testing framework for Executable Domain-Specific Languages (xDSL). It supports several features for testing executable models (the programs defined using the xDSLs), including test case definition, execution, quality evaluation, debugging, fault localization, and improvement. 
The framework is the output of my Ph.D. thesis and for theoretical information, please refer to my [publications](https://faezeh-kh.github.io/publication/).
